Add automation section to FF page (#5960)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/feature-flags.mdx

  [
    
    {
      title: "Developer-friendly automation",
      subtitle: "Automate essential tasks to ensure consistency and free up time for creative work.",
      align: 'center',
      features: [
            {
                title: 'Automated usage reports',
                description: 'Automatically add insights for each flag, tracking usage overall, or by specific users',
            },
            {
                title: 'Automatic IP resolution',
                description:

>                     'Target feature flags based on country or city without manually adding any extra targeting',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    'Target feature flags based on country or city without manually figuring out which country a user belongs to',
```

            },
            {

>                 title: 'Recall user properties by default',

Reviewer: Weak / optional suggestion 

```suggestion
                title: 'Remember user properties by default',
```
